# Cookies
Loads cookies from a file. Supports Firefox3, mozilla, and lwp cookie files.  This can be used for sites/services that require cookies for authentication, captcha challenges, or any other stateful/session functionality that uses cookies.

### Example
```
cookies: ~/.flexget/cookies.sqlite
```

## Types
This plugin will attempt to determine what type of cookies file you are using based on the extension.

| **Extensions** | **Type** |
| --- | --- |
| .txt | mozilla |
| .lwp | lwp |
| all others | firefox3 |

If you would like to override this behavior, a cookie type can be specified manually like this:

```
cookies:
  file: /path/to/cookies.foo
  type: mozilla
```

**Notes:**
 - You cannot read cookies from running Firefox! Shutdown browsed and make a copy from `cookies.sqlite` to somewhere (ie. `~/.flexget`)
 - If you need the cookies from a logged in page (ie. The cookies get deleted when you close the browser), you should be able to use the command line to copy the cookies file to a directory of your choice.
 - Support for mozilla and lwp cookies was added in r1325
 - If you get an error saying "cookies.sqlite does not appear to be a valid Firefox 3 cookies file" and the file was generated by Firefox you might need to upgrade pysqlite2
 - Some tools which export mozilla format cookies do not put the header which python requires to read them. You can try to add the header manually to the top of the cookies.txt if you have this problem:
```
# Netscape HTTP Cookie File
# http://www.netscape.com/newsref/std/cookie_spec.html
# This is a generated file!  Do not edit.
```

**`WARNING:`** You should only use cookies you are actually using / which are necessary. Every cookie is sent on each request (!!!). Some cookies interfere with other plugins, e.g. IMDB would want you to login if you were sending an IMDB cookie, the imdb_list plugin does not support logins, hence this wouldn't work. Clean up your cookie database!